(Update) File system Error (#11650)
harness/developer-hub: docs/continuous-integration/use-ci/set-up-build-infrastructure/vm-build-infrastructure/define-macos-build-infra-with-anka-registry.md

| `tag` | String - Tag | [Anka VM template tag.](https://docs.veertu.com/anka/anka-build-cloud/getting-started/registry-vm-templates-and-tags/) |
| `auth_token` | String - Token | Required if you [enabled token authentication for the Controller and Registry](https://docs.veertu.com/anka/anka-build-cloud/advanced-security-features/root-token-authentication/). |

#### File System Access

> In `harness-docker-runner` these are default mount paths we use for Mac. Please note that write access needs to be provided as Harness will be creating directories within these locations.  If access is not provided, customers can expect to see the following 500 error.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In `harness-docker-runner`, the following default mount paths are used on Mac. Harness requires write access to these locations because it creates directories inside them.

If write access is blocked, runs will fail with a 500 error similar to:
```

```
failed with code: 500, message: { "error_msg": "failed to create directory for host volume path: /addon: mkdir /addon: read-only file system" } 
```

> 
> One of these locations is feature flag dependant (e.g., if you don't have that flag enabled, then it won't be utilized)
> ```
> /tmp/addon
> /tmp/harness
> /private/tmp/harness - (CI_MOUNT_PATH_ENABLED_MAC FF is enabled)
> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion

Default mount paths:

- `/tmp/addon`
- `/tmp/harness`
- `/private/tmp/harness` (only when the `CI_MOUNT_PATH_ENABLED_MAC` feature flag is enabled)
```
